# geocode.city Autocomplete

Simple JS snippet to add a geocode.city-backed text input to an existing page.

## Usage

I'm bad at Javascript (and worse at Purescript) so this is an old-school
style of snippet: include it on your page, make sure you have an element
with id `geocode-city-autocomplete`, and we're done. If you have an api key,
have that element provide it via a `data-api-key` attribute.

For example:

```html
<body>
  <div id="geocode-city-autocomplete" data-api-key="my-api-key" data-suggestion-count="10">
  </div>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/geocode-city/autocomplete@0.1.0.1/dist/geocode_city.min.js"></script>
</body>
```

The element would ideally be empty: the script replaces it with its
own input. All markup generated by the script has appropriately prefixed
CSS classes, so you can style it to match your own app. 

### Data attributes

* `data-api-key`: your api key.
* `data-suggestion-count`: how many suggestions to display. Defaults to 5, max is 100 (enforced by the server.)
* `data-input-name` and `data-input-class`: control the `name` and `input` attributes of the
textual input.

### Events

You can listen to any of these events and find their data in the [`event.detail`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent/detail) property.

* `citySelected`: receives the `city` object that was selected by the user.
* `citiesFound`: receives an array of `city` objects when a response has been received. Will not be raised if no results are found, or if there's errors.
* `noCitiesFound`: raised when the request succeeded, but no cities matched the query.
* `lookupError`: raised when the response fails, due to a client or server errors. The error
  message as parsed by the request handler is included in `event.detail.message`.

Example of a `city` object:

```json
{
  "timezone": "Europe/Paris",
  "region": "Île-de-France",
  "population": 2138551,
  "name": "Paris",
  "longitude": 2.3488,
  "latitude": 48.85341,
  "district": "Paris",
  "countryCode": "FR",
  "country": "France"
}
```

### Markup

The component is unstyled, but CSS classes are used for each element; cf. the `render` function
in each of `Autocomplete.Component` and `Autocomplete.Dropdown` for the most up to date classes.

### Bundling

I distribute this project through [jsdelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/). See
[NOTES](./NOTES.md) for development commands, but for production, I just run:

```sh
npm run bundle
```

And the `dist/geocode_city.js` file should be updated. Minification is offloaded
to jsdelivr for the time being.
